Update goalId suggested length (#128)
croct-tech/plug-js: docs/events.md

This event supports the following properties:

| Property   | Type     | Required | Constraints                                                                                                                                                 | Description
|------------|----------|----------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> | `goalId`   | `string` | Yes      | Between 3 and 100 characters long, containing only letters (A-Z), digits (0-9), and separators (`-`,`_`, `:`) , beginning or ending with letters or digits. | The ID of the goal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `goalId`   | `string` | Yes      | Between 3 and 100 characters long, containing only letters, digits, and separators (`-`,`_`, `:`), starting and ending with letters or digits. | The ID of the goal.
```
